TRADERS_QUEST_OFFER : Why are cockroaches kept in open cages? They look difficult at home or alone. Do we want to eat them? Macrochemoids are produced rapidly in nature. Strong cuts and meat; if i could give you that would be a problem, but i don't take out much, so i don't mind. Once you get used to it, you don't mind eating it anymore. Manure is best but this is the best food I haven't eaten in years. Hahaha, life is hard! How delicious to see benzol dry before your eyes! Do you like it, ma'am? Why don't you use pliers? I will catch some cockroaches and taste their delicious insides. You will be very lucky.
GRUBFARMER_DELIVERY : At the request of the groom, Lionheart, I brought the queen's egg. It was a very dangerous journey, but the creature inside survived and made it this far. Peace! How wonderful! Do you think the beautiful Miss Stress could deliver this precious package? I'm worried about the unarmed lion's strength... It's amazing that you can communicate with them. I wonder who you are. Go back to the darkness and talk to them somewhere else... You whisper from afar, your majesty. Don't worry about my steps and footprints. I am alone... I am only at your service. Please... give me a little queen!
TRADERS_TALK_GENERIC_2 : Even the demons out there and their masters suffer from the same plague. You are lucky, you don't give up. Will you stay? Ah, there you are. Benzang and I can become real philosophers if we try. You are worried about your faith. It's a matter of faith! Right? Or maybe a little! Or maybe it's better not to think about it. Ha ha ha!
GRUBFARMER_GROWING_ACT3 : I roam this foggy, lonely world and sow seeds within you. For the promise that my beautiful hair will be like... I will always fight...
TRADERS_TALK_GENERIC_1 : They say nature is full of fresh food. Even before Kel gave us clothes. Come on! You always eat and never complain, right? Haha! Seriously, you look like a newborn! Don't be fooled! Now we are waking up the cockroaches and starving ourselves. The work is dangerous and the food is not good, but we don't complain. Especially when our doctors are constantly dealing with foreign diseases. We live on meat! Ouch!
TRADERS_TALK_REPEAT : Very well, ma'am. I am glad to see you again soon. Let's go! Thanks for the help.
TRADERS_PINS_PROMPT : Do you want to buy iron pins?
GRUBFARMER_POPPED : Hmmm. Your hunger warns you to flee, my love. You're not an adult yet, but don't worry. I will make you greater, for I am your servant.
GRUBFARMER_MEET_3_ACT3 : Shhh! You have come to me, I am your humble servant! I don't want to control you, my man. If I helped kill the black mass, it was pure coincidence. Separation. Separation...? No. I am yours, my Terence, you must protect me! Look what I've built here! Beloved, prepare for the coming of my beloved and stronger! While you go fishing, I will grow something beautiful for you. But it takes time. Come back soon and I will give you what I have grown...
TRADERS_TALK_REFUSE_GIVE : Hi, why are you late? Are you stealing my face? You don't keep your promises! Yes. Promises are easily broken. But there are other things too. Just think of this greed.
TRADERS_PINS_DECLINE : Hi! Don't you have any rhymes? Or maybe you don't want to remove them? Of course, ma'am. You will die of disease if you don't buy this from us.
GRUBFARMER_MEET_3 : Silence! You came to me in prayer and I am yours. I am your humble servant! I don't want to control you, my friend. If you helped kill these creatures, it was accidental. Separation. Separation...? No, I am yours, my love, and you must protect me! Look what I've built here! My friend, I have prepared my strong lover! While you hunt, I'll grow something good for you. But it takes time. Come back to me soon, so I can give you what I have grown...
PRINCE_CELL_INSPECT : Simple and compact cage.
GRUBFARMER_MEET_1 : Shhh! I saw you, I saw what you did, shh, I saw!
GRUBFARM_MIMIC_REMEET_PRE : I'll tell you, but show me.
TRADERS_PINS_OFFER : Bugs! At the request of Dr. Yanbei we are here. He needs a steel artificial spine for better performance. Look! Look, Benzin. He looks bad! Something strange is connected to him. This hand is like this! Kororo is sick, but he doesn't look sick; our organs are not ready for it. If you want it, we have to give it to you! Look! The woman is on the right. You can get sick but we can't give you anything. Hrygur: All the work is done outside the organ, so we're ready for the terror!
GRUBFARMER_MEET_2 : You are so strong, woman! You are small but you are so strong. And your perfume! The smell of cooking!
PRINCE_CELL_REPEAT : Leave him alone, little creature. I accepted my situation. Yes, prisoner.
GRUBFARMER_NEEDOLIN : Shhh! The sound of "virgins" plucked from heaven and wrapped in silk! Amazing, Miss Tension! Anyone can learn this art. If you have the will, you can control it. The servant does not have to grow food for the master, but the "comforting" sound... how beautiful.
GRUBFARMER_DELIVERY_POST_SETUP : That is to say. Our stage has expanded and the little prince has started to work. Now I can harvest more for you! Are you happy with me, madam? You were so busy with your work that you didn't even bother me. If it continues like this, there is no reason for me to be unhappy. Come on! So my work continues! Because I will always be your faithful servant!
GRUBFARMER_OPENED1 : Shhh! Lady, did I make you these cookies? You need to tire yourself... you need to tire yourself and strengthen yourself. Yes, I serve you, Hera. While you fish, I'll make cookies. I always make cookies for special occasions, if you want. But don't call me old. I'm not old. Hmm... but you're here. You are strong and I am weak... a slave. Your servant forever...
TRADERS_QUEST_COMPLETE : Oh, the smell! Intolerable! I have never seen a moth like it! Come on, I'm sure of it. These shells still need to be cut, cleaned and distilled. You have a lot of work ahead of you. Good, Korora, because this is the party! As soon as we eat the fort! what are you doing Join us for this glorious meal? Oh, no, judges. I have to go, and this part will be unnecessary. I hope so. Two is a lot, but three is too many? Ha ha ha! But maybe this gadget will be enough to remind you of us. This is a sharp weapon I made when I took MacJock. I think you definitely need it.
GRUBFARM_MIMIC_GIVE_POST : I stood up. Oh, that award. Give it to me.
GRUBFARMER_DELIVERY_POST_DELIVERY : If so... as our guest puts it with his signature charm... our charm is contagious!
PRINCE_CELL_TALK_ACT3 : come back This kingdom has fallen. I have no choice but to stay here and recover. Dextera dying in a cage... at the end of the turtle, Dextera's fate is cursed on this land. Prisoner, do what you will.
GRUBFARM_MIMIC_MEET : I hear you
TRADERS_PINS_REPEAT : Yes, everything worked fine. The edges are sharp and almost stainless. Wouldn't it be best to see a doctor as soon as possible and get the necessary treatment?
TRADERS_QUEST_ACTIVE_REPEAT : Anyway, I'm waiting for the promised roaches. I'm patient, but I can't take it anymore, okay? Cockroaches are everywhere on the streets. Croque-Monsieur, stick your hand in and get the delicious contents! Unbelievable!
GRUBFARM_MIMIC_GIVE_DENY : Come on, take it, help someone.
GRUBFARM_MIMIC_MEET_PRE : I sense your presence hidden in the darkness. Show yourself.
TRADERS_QUEST_REFUSE : You won't deny it, ma'am? I'm hungry again, ha ha ha!
TRADERS_QUEST_CANCOMPLETE : Oh, what a wonderful smell! Did you promise me that, madam?
GRUBFARM_MIMIC_GRUB : A man with a long tongue. Give him, take.
TRADERS_PINS_REOFFER : Þóran, what does this mean, madam? I'm sure your health is worth more than a few pearls!
GRUBFARM_MIMIC_GIVE : Yes, bring it here!
TRADERS_QUEST_REOFFER : So, ma'am, why don't you use tongs? Some people fry cockroaches and make delicious intestines. Fairtrade at its best!
GRUBFARMER_RETURN : Do you call your majesty your servant? I hear you... because you are more powerful. Our group annoys me.
TRADERS_QUEST_ACCEPT : Yes. Don't you see how much trouble you've gotten yourself into, madam? It would certainly be best to get rid of it as soon as possible. There are cockroaches everywhere in this old street. Find one and kill it. Easy and too sinful!
GRUBFARM_MIMIC_NOGRUB : Everything is different. I don't take anything.
PRINCE_CELL_TALK : Come on, tourist. It is better to accept the cruelty of this age than to starve in anger and despair, to grow old in the prison of oblivion. Fate is no worse curse than that which grips the tender heart of Parus. As you wish, prisoner.
GRUBFARMER_TENDING : Treating cancer is a delicate matter that requires a lot of patience. Dear Mrs. Tension, under your loving protection, I will do all I can for you…
GRUBFARM_MIMIC_REMEET : Show me again what you think
GRUBFARMER_GROWING : A servant must feed his master. Let's gather together. While you go fishing, I continue…
TRADERS_PINS_ACCEPT : We are proud to work with you. We promise to use only the highest quality clipart! We hope these photos help your spine too!
GRUBFARMER_MEET_ACT_3 : Shhh! Virgin Mary is back! Under her protection we no longer fear the creeping black thread! The ground trembles under the weight of the wild grass. In these times, only the strongest survive. And they are the only faithful servants left. I can't defend you here, but my goal is to remove the black thread from these countries. Until then, consult your salvation. Hmm. I hear more than your words, my lady. I sense your true desires. I will continue to work for you to fulfill them until the right time.
TRADERS_MEET : Hey, why did you come to a place like this and walk in the dust? Don't have points to settle? Really? Hey, why did you come to this place? We are not doing anything wrong. Don't disappoint us like cockroaches! Gasoline, you came to kill us! That's right, we're done, mate! Ha ha ha! You are a good animal who will not hurt anyone. Kill the one holding my hand. Really? He doesn't want to leave the village, so you can use the sink there, girl.