PILGRIM_LARGE_SK_SAVED_ACT3_REPEAT : The brothers, the golden knights, are there to kill bandits and ensure their safety. If it wasn't for your noble sword, I believe this place would have been tamed once.
CARETAKER_DELIVERY_POST : Thank you for this effort. Thanks to you, these poor people will be able to live a little longer.
CARETAKER_SNARE_COMPLETE_POST : Get ready! The parts are ready. Now stand up and put something heavy. Even if you set a trap, it won't fall easily. Let's see what happens. Your sword will use all its strength before breaking the trap. Just as it thought. Young. Set a trap. Attack now!
CITY_MERCHANT_SHOP_REPEAT_ACT3 : Everything is going on, oh my god. Pray for us before it's too late!
CITY_MERCHANT_TALK1 : So many stories of you, my love. You collect items, as well as stray insects and countless goodies! How clever you are to earn such a reputation! If you keep this up, you'll be a legend in no time. I won't be, sister, daughter-in-law. I have heard so many stories in my long life, I have seen rise, fall and decline. Truly, my dear, you are so modest! But know that this ancient stranger greatly admires you! Nothing escapes the attention of the ancient Jubilee!
CARETAKER_MEET_2 : Is it for you? That big bell rang! I almost fell asleep!
PILGRIM_LARGE_REPEAT : Go no further, sister. This is the only safe place in the world.
CITY_MERCHANT_BRIDGE_REPEAT : I'm sorry to leave you here, but I have other things on my mind. Macte!
CARETAKER_LV1_MEET : Oh my god! Chun Tsuki-kun, look where your recklessness has led you! As expected, the once peaceful temple is now full of creatures of all kinds. As if a small village had sprung up around the old temple! Poor insects, victims of the camp and its sinister magic. It enters the room, grabs her neck and eats her. Oh, it's all a lie. At least these mortals can enjoy their company. Poor fool...
CITY_MERCHANT_ITEM_SEAL_CHIT : A priceless command from the Divine Emperor. Such an ancient document is rare to find today and even rarer to find someone who knows how to study it.
CITY_MERCHANT_SAVED_1 : Oh, wonderful things! I was afraid of these four who were sad. Luck doesn't seem to be on your side! I'm not the only one who found you, my queen. I fulfilled the wishes of the insects for your destiny. Now go to the old clock. The village has settled there and the sound of the bell seems to bring many dangers back to the castle. The village? In this magic square? Is he lying? There is nothing wrong with going to discover the truth for yourself.
CITY_MERCHANT_SAVED_2 : Come, hurry and go. I will take care of tools and decorations. If the insects come to your city, you can earn money by trading them. Congratulations, and goodbye!
CARETAKER_SNARE_OFFER : It seems Berlinger's time is drawing to a close? You and him wait up there. This tragic encounter won't last forever... Is everything ready? Are you ready to meet the kings, overthrow the king and take over the empire? I can't deny that I really want it. Everything else too, of course. But a part of me contradicts me... Over time, I have discovered, among other partners... that no special impulse escapes me... But thanks to your help, I now understand better. Sure, you have the skills of a king and the skills of a weaver, but your ambitions... are different, more serious. If you accept my will in advance and participate in it in some way, will you not serve me in the coming war? Ah... Maybe. I'm ashamed to say it, but I have an idea. We rarely speak for fear of being in heaven and seeing the place. Have you found a way? A way... to destroy the king? And should I not step in for him again? It has happened to me and my family. It was a trap, with the same capacity as the palace beyond the trap. You are a hunter who will succeed you. If only you had the courage...
CARETAKER_SWAMP_SOUL : What happened, Bell Ringer? Did you steal other people's souls and own them? Were these remains found in the swamp under the arm of this mighty man? A mind bound by a chain once strong and a chain. Now it's light, but it still has some strength left. In its prime, its abilities were extraordinary. Yes, they were. I knew the chain was at its peak. Stronger than all and less admirable to the stronger than you. It tried to enter into a partnership with an inferior swamp. Did it think it was mutual? How dead is the madness of the past! Bell Ringer, not in favor of Faroma. Nothing good has come of it.
CARETAKER_BEAST : Hmm. Call me stupid, Bellman, but I understand, and I have my reasons. Have you bothered me too much? All the same. The enthusiasm of those waiting at the top of this camp introduced me to this world. Now I want to enjoy your hospitality. Hmm. Terrible rumours, bastards. True words, but terrible nonetheless. All I ask is that you stop bothering these stupid foreigners…
CARETAKER_SNARE_COMPLETE_PREPARE : "Is everything ready, Berlinger? Begin then! I need the silk and the nail before I can begin the construction."
PILGRIM_SMALL_02 : He chose the fortress and put us in even greater danger. But no one knows his purpose.
CARETAKER_SNARE_REPEAT : If you want to cheat, collect all the necessary information. I will teach you everything.
CARETAKER_MERCHANT : I heard you are safe with the expensive companies. I was asking her privately before you called. I saw her. She's a beautiful woman, but don't tell her she's old. Still, it's worth taking care of. If she doesn't have a rosary in her pocket, it's gone.
CARETAKER_SNARE_REOFFER : Berlinger... Changed your mind about this caption? It is dangerous, but if you have the courage to use it, you are a true hunter...
CARETAKER_SNARE_ACCEPT : Finally, double your power. If your weapons lead to me and the earthworms, we can certainly begin. Will I serve you now? Bellman, you must take control of the family. Three live snakes have spread across the kingdom and a poor relative has drowned and rotted in the swamp. Both have power. Pure, brutal power! They will give you power. The thrill of action, the wonder of rebellion... or because there is no other choice.
CITY_MERCHANT_ITEM_WARDKEY : A truly wonderful creator. He will undoubtedly open the door to a unique world, a world full of miracles. When you meet him, you will know his origin!
CARETAKER_DELIVERY : "Mr. Vaka, I brought the bells from the village below the castle. We desperately need these bell women. This group, with the dance in the adjoining hall, has made progress in finding and collecting the items."
CARETAKER_SNARE_REPEAT_BELLHERMIT : May the maiden's heart find flowers: I fall crushed beneath my cousin's wild night. He has the strength to survive.
PILGRIM_SMALL_01 : Have you found this place, sister? The great promises of this palace have been broken by a cursed thread, but the great bell at least gives us solace. We are few of those happy people who live short lives.
CITY_MERCHANT_REPEAT : Come on, darlings. If you want my jewelry, we'll trade it for temple beads. Congratulations, and goodbye!
PILGRIM_GENERIC_ACT3_REPEAT : Ah, if we are no longer strangers...then who are we?
CITY_MERCHANT_ITEM_TOOLMETAL : In ancient times, this metal was praised by those who despised it. The look wasn't very striking, but I still remember the price.
CARETAKER_MEET_1 : Relax! Hi, you are here!
CARETAKER_MEET_REPEAT : The creature opened its eyes... prayed. "We're safe here! Go!" The voice echoed in the sad ears of the lost and worried pilgrims in the crowded palace. Well, the damage is done. I'll be back soon. I can't handle strangers alone! If time permits, I'll be back, Gunro.
CARETAKER_SNARE_DECLINE : Nothing surprising. It's stupid to try or even think about it. Humans are not meant to die.
CARETAKER_SNARE_ACCEPT_SNARE : For the last part, you'll also need a Runecrafter, which you probably already have. Weaving tools were invented in ancient times to increase our power. If you have acquired something more valuable, I would be grateful if you could share it with me.
CARETAKER_SNARE_REPEAT_SWAMP : Find your relative's lost shell, eaten by worms in the murky swamp. A monster may have collected and killed it, but part of its soul still lives.
CARETAKER_SNARE_COMPLETE_PRE : I have everything you need. Cast your net and this land will be free.
CITY_MERCHANT_MEET_AFTERBRIDGE : Dear, thank you very much for choosing me from the group. I haven't seen anything like this in a long time. I also brought a lot of new things. Let's see if they like it.
CARETAKER_WISHES_PROGRESS : Don't think I see you, sir! You have helped so many people, here and there! You have done a great job saving bugs and seeing true desires. Strangely, I have found comfort in obedience and been rewarded when I hastened. Ah! But where would you be now? I know what kind of man you are, Superman! Your unworthy post! You're not a criminal who cares about the people down there. The same can be said about you, always wearing a hood and using a stranger. Don't you think it's about time you tried your hand at your craft? Exactly, old man! Even bugs need a little change! Simple games. Even if you asked for a change, I don't want it! Change had to happen, whether you liked it or not. Reactions change. The thread tightens everywhere. My presence only hastens the inevitable. So what do you want? Will you seize power and declare yourself queen of us all? Do you want to lure us into your cruel trap by giving you false hope? These are God's plans and methods...
CARETAKER_LV3_MEET : By continuing to help, you will inspire others! Berlinger says it is important to take the situation seriously. Growing expectations are dangerous, especially for insects that have starved for so long.
CITY_MERCHANT_SAVED_BRIDGE_2 : Now go right back to the temple, do the deed and tell everyone about it. It might bring back a new memory, but don't get so upset right now. May he rest in peace!
CITY_MERCHANT_ITEM_SIMPLEKEY : Simple and practical design. The original lock is designed to open all types of locks.
PILGRIM_STANDARD_MEET : My sister, my sister! Tell me your secret! As soon as I entered the palace corridor, I clearly heard children's laughter! I was sincere, a little numb with fear... still that voice echoed in my heart. Can such a small, energetic insect survive in this merciless sand?
PILGRIM_LARGE_SK_SAVED_ACT3_MEET : Brother, have you seen this? Our new knight, the golden knight, shouts in the street before the ruined castle. A big and hot worm. Nothing, I say anyway! If that soldier hadn't been there, I would have died quickly. And I'm not the only one who feels that way. Others also discuss his wise works and his unique virtue. We need protection and this fiery knight is ready to help us.
CITY_MERCHANT_RUMMAGE_REPEAT : If you stop by while I'm working, you might get something. Bye, bye!
CARETAKER_SNARE_ACCEPT_NO_SNARE : Finally, you will find a weapon under the old texts. In the center of their largest cave still hangs the runic sword. Our web is tightly woven around it.
CARETAKER_MEET_3 : i confess! You did it! Cunning Bell Ringing Monk Tsuki Noro! You rest in a strange place. Maybe you know something about this temple and its members? Oh, not only will you be punctual, but you'll also ask interesting questions. You're certainly not a foreigner, but you're not even a member of the choir. Different! I know who you are... my love! Don't you know what you did when you built this temple? That bell has rung far and wide! The cry of the poor and the lost must be heard. They come here now. But what happened? Hurry up, this mess! I'll help you clean up any dirty foreign monks or any nasty trash you find.
CARETAKER_SNARE_COMPLETE_PRE_CANCEL : Hi! what happened Have you changed your mind? It wasn't easy, but you did your best! The woman above probably doesn't have the same goals as you, but you shouldn't give up just yet.
CITY_MERCHANT_ITEM_SPOOLEXTEND : This advanced tool helps to tension the thread. If you are looking to buy silk in bulk, this is a great tool!
CARETAKER_WISHES_PROGRESS_REPEAT : By continuing to help, you will inspire others! Berlinger says it is important to take the situation seriously. Growing expectations are dangerous, especially for insects that have starved for so long.
PILGRIM_GENERIC_ACT3_MEET : Ah... and now a new disaster has befallen us. Is this perhaps a new punishment for transgression, a new test of faith? No, my insects! You bear no responsibility for this disaster. We must act now, contact my friends and stop this madness.
CARETAKER_SNARE_REPEAT_SNARE : To build a base, you need a weaving weapon. Inside you'll find their largest nest, near Bone Road. Ronislak is a trap.
PILGRIM_STANDARD_REPEAT : Listen, I heard her laugh! She sounds so happy!
CITY_MERCHANT_ITEM_NEEDOLIN_TOOL : Use them while listening to music and you will see the effect immediately. They improve the sound of the voice! They produce rich, clear sound. They make up for it like before, great.
CITY_MERCHANT_ITEM_ROSARYSTRING : Is it safe to weave all wet beads? Some beads break during weaving but I think that gives you peace of mind.
CITY_MERCHANT_RUMMAGE_GRAND_FORUM : Oh, how fun it is to crawl here! What joy our benefactors, our generous leaders have given us! They see all the great cowards and are so kind! It's a wonderful place and there is a deli not far from here. But that's one thing, don't try it. I was the first. Congratulations and goodbye!
PILGRIM_LARGE_MEET : Come closer, brother. The other corridor is full of ghosts. If you run, you will face a horrible death!
CARETAKER_WARD : Are you dominated by clocks? Do you know an abysmal passion that completely destroys this place? If you speak of this palace and its silk, you know its origin, patron. I could clearly see from the wall below. Fine guns and countless machine guns... the machine that stretches the silk in insects for life. Ah! And may it be something! But there is no such thing. Suppose that, despite your greed, your stupidity, and the eternal life of those who have died, you forced the silk into their shell. And think how long... their children and the strangers who followed them... the silk remained embedded in the shell of this empire for generations, you had to reach them. Huh! See now, or call! All these poor strangers were born into the cruel system of this world and now they are trapped in a new cursed trap. At least you are free. And you are free to make changes if you want.
CITY_MERCHANT_SAVED_BRIDGE_1 : What if it was my shadow, that wise, blushing monk? Are you trying to trick me and steal my treasure? I cannot understand your intentions, madam. How cruel! Long absence of pilgrims from the city below Clusini. Shouldn't I accompany you to them? Oh, restless, impatient multitude! It can still harass them! Hmm. I didn't expect that at all. Nor can I deny that you did me a favor. To be honest, I was even more fascinated by the nervous crowd. I am still aware of their intentions.
CITY_MERCHANT_RUMMAGE_LIBRARY : Looking for treasure? I believe it is far from the dark dungeons. It is also said that before the Silk Curse, the Zhongyi family was an avid collector. Madam, you know the palace better than anyone. How long have you lived here, in this empty hall? Ah, there you are. It's not bad after all. My travel memories are faded, but life in the palace's golden square was exactly what I dreamed of. And my humility has come true! This place is not as beautiful as it once was, but even now, is it fair to complain?
CITY_MERCHANT_ITEM_SHELL_FRAGMENT : Part of an old mask or part of a face? If the shell was intact, it certainly was.
CITY_MERCHANT_MEET_ACT3 : A terrible disaster has befallen our sacred palace! We have never seen anything like it. In these times we must help each other. Be patient. Many precautions are necessary to survive future disasters!
CARETAKER_LV2_MEET : Listen, this is your job! They come one at a time. There are so many insects here. They are miserable and weak, but alive! They seem more terrible than sick. Your concern for the few survivors diminishes. This is your job, Chun Tsuki-San! It's not mine. Cry and help me! I hope all is well with you, but there is not much I can do. And although this dance and this memory should bring me company, I'm not going to resist.
CARETAKER_REPEAT : Here I am, a tired and hopeless traveler. Mr. Berlinger, the compromise you are asking for is unfortunate. It saddens me. Can we offer them something...or hope?
CITY_MERCHANT_SHOP_REPEAT : Be sure to let them know before you go. You will definitely find what you are looking for!
CITY_MERCHANT_ITEM_SPOOLPIECE : Amidst the traps. It would be helpful to find the correct thread. These ancient weavers created something truly wonderful. They are not, but their art still shines today.
CITY_MERCHANT_ITEM_WALLCLING : This product is perfect for climbing enthusiasts: you can attach a pin and climb the wall as many times as you want!
CARETAKER_SNARE_REPEAT_CHURCHKEEPER : The darkness that clings to the temple, that leans against the moss, will release the power called Little Sister.
CARETAKER_SNARE_ACCEPT_SWAMP_SOUL : Finally, use your power. If your web guides me and your worms we can get started. Now, what job do you want to do? Bellman, you need the power of family. Three snakes still alive, scattered throughout this realm, and in you, the most wretched soul, my last cousin, lost and tormented in a rotting swamp. My home is a raw, savage virtue. They will come to you. Actually because of the shock of rebellion... or maybe because they have no other choice.
CARETAKER_LACE_DEFEATED : Dan, I showed you the way and the knight on guard defeated the knight. Moreover, she declared herself the prince's daughter and strengthened his arm. She was a holy being, a true text. I never thought such a feat was possible... I had seen real creatures entwined, but small and inert... This was not hers... You killed a miracle, wounded a miracle, that is. At least to us humans, she was a creature to be avoided. Despite her childlike appearance and amazing abilities, she wandered around this castle longer than anyone else. Even in her long silence, long before she unleashed her fury, she could be seen as the protector of this place, of chastity and peace. Because of the silence, of course, many of those who touched the finest hand met a miserable end. I wanted to start a massacre, but with all the other crustaceans watching and angry, the insects will not appear.
CITY_MERCHANT_MEET : See you again, my love. They seem safe as you said. I'm so surprised you told me the truth about this place! What a safe fire is in the camp, and what animals are trapped there! I have never seen anything like it; I couldn't even imagine it. Thanks to you, it will be much easier for me to sell all my valuables cheaply. But when I die, I will take a lot of rope with me!