CREST_UPGRADE_MEET_PT2 : No. She is not their enemy, nor their terrible prisoner. Eva is something difficult to explain. Vefaradóttir, but different from them. This also applies to me. A weaver's daughter? Or maybe something different? I sense your heritage in weaving, but you are different, separate, mixed, unlike them and me? who are you Come closer. Then my soul will penetrate deeper into your being.
CREST_UPGRADE_PRE_REPEAT_ADDITIONAL : My feelings still resonate with you. You can see far beyond the range of insects. Let me express my thoughts to their essence. Then I want to answer you clearly.
CREST_UPGRADE_MEET_ACT3 : Ma'am? You are still alive. Thank God... I felt the war start, my heart lit up blue and white and suddenly darkness surrounds me. I'm sorry, Eva. I wanted to defeat the Emperor and was close to achieving my goal, but things got... complicated. Now almost all forums are down. But madam, I see hope in you. You're not hopeless, so no hope?... Not much hope. But there is a way to overcome this disaster. I am trying my best to achieve my goal. If so, please help me in any way you can... My contribution may be small, but I will be happy.
CREST_UPGRADE_POST_ADDITIONAL_AVAILABLE : Amazing... Your nature is completely different from this deadly insect. Your nature is steadfast and incorruptible. Wonderful, and you could devote your whole life to understanding it. If I had the power, I could still help you.
CREST_UPGRADE_TALK_SNARE : Eva, I'm looking for equipment in this building. Weaver network. I know what? Yes, ma'am. Hey, where did the moss fall in the nest? My mother cooked there. Network, support, they are small things, but they are the source of something bigger. I still remember what I was thinking when I worked: despair, hunger. Another failed attempt to save her. Clearly failed.
CARETAKER_SNARE_READY : Hello, Mr. Jung Tsuki! We've granted your wishes, saved insects and comforted a family in need! A trap has been set and our virtue depends on it. It may seem difficult, but there is tremendous power in it... Even God can be comforted. You and your family have done well. Show us your faith next time, before we do. Ah! Mr. Jung Tsuki has laid down the bowl of power. He has invoked the beautiful blue and white goddess. Weak and expensive, to throw in the trash. The trap will explode on contact, but only the sting spell will break it completely. You will know the opportunity.
CREST_UPGRADE_PRE_RETURNED : What do you say, ma'am? You know your true identity. Quite...
CREST_UPGRADE_POST : Amazing... Your essence is unlike any other human or insect. Your core is flexible and fierce. He is amazing and deserves to dedicate my whole life to him. If you continue, return to your original position. Maybe I can help you further. Thank you, Eva. If my core grows as much as you said, I will return.
CARETAKER_SNARE_TALK1 : I have known people like you for a long time. You will empower your tribe to sustain itself and I have destroyed the plan for that resource. When that happens, will you really want to be happy in this desert? Yes, yes, yes. To find it now, after so much effort... would be a tragic end for all of us. Come on! That's my work. Now is the time to start your great job! O conqueror of all, I pray for your victory!
CREST_UPGRADE_PRE : Do you see the essence of man? Skills far superior to insects. Soon. My sight knows no insect except by the imprint of its soul. Is there a sigil? A symbol of the essence and the invisible thread that weaves into life. Seal? Yes, that's the talk of an old weaver. A short way to express something profound. But wait. Your essence...? ...My queen, let's dig deeper. For a clear answer...
CREST_UPGRADE_PROMPT : Want to control your perception?
CREST_UPGRADE_REPEAT_ACT3 : Your time in Faro is almost up. If you need even more strength, come back to me. I will give everything I have to help you. Thank you, Eva. Like you said, I'll be back when my strength gets stronger.
CREST_UPGRADE_ACCEPT_DIALOGUE : Do you want to be with Eva?
CREST_UPGRADE_MEET_CURSED : Bow down you bastard! You are still greedy, even if you are locked in someone else's shell. I will not let you pollute this room and steal my soul. Come on!
CREST_UPGRADE_FIRST_ALL : Lady... I can't believe it. Your core is both flexible and inflexible. It's weird. I have come a long way in life. Fried, we hardly know each other but I enjoy it. Your gift has been very useful to me, Eva. What do you ask of me? Take my soul, my memory, into your shell. I cannot express it to you in words, but a little of my power can give you the last benefit. Do you want a hug from me? Know that your heart has literally ceased to exist. To be free and be. Lady, will you grant me this request?
CREST_UPGRADE_ALL : Diva, you are diversity, a shell full of pleasure. You are truly free. Developing your support was not an easy task, even for someone as crafty as me. Finally, I ask for one precious favor. Your gifts have been very useful to me, Eva. What do you ask of me? To hide my soul, my memory, in your shell. I cannot express it in words, but my small strength can give you the last benefit. Do you want this to be permanent? I know your heart can't take it anymore. i know And I don't even miss being happy now. Becoming one with freedom... I once prayed for liberation, but almost forgot in the weight of time. Ma'am, will you grant me this favor?
CREST_UPGRADE_MEET : who are you Have you come to save me? Or destroy me? I'm stuck with the Hornet. I'm going; I'm not here to destroy you. Why is Weaver stuck in the remnants of the past? Were you perhaps his enemy?
CREST_UPGRADE_PRE_REPEAT : Talk to me. You have risen above the insect kingdom. We will review your core. Then the answer will be revealed.
CREST_UPGRADE_TALK_PURPOSE : Why am I stuck here, Eva? Woman, that's a mistake. What appears to be a cage is my shell, and so is what is inside. I was born in this room. Leaving means death, a comical end, but sometimes that escapes me. I am a unique being. My mother's families and children are almost impossible losses and curses. I know this evil well, Eva. I am also prey, a trap for trespassers. Still trying to reject this cruel bond? In vain. A life protected by runes and scales, a life sustained only by a cage. Thoughts in the text are mine, but my mind is my own. Occasionally, this distance has made the difference between us.
CREST_UPGRADE_ACCEPT : Thanks to your grace I have finally escaped my fate. Eva, thanks for sharing your message. I will no longer suffer the pain of loneliness.
CREST_UPGRADE_MEET_OVERBLUE : Don't come any closer! I feel forbidden blood coursing through my veins. It grows and changes the world in its own way. Even if you drink freely, no one who has suffered so much can enter this room. Get out.
CREST_UPGRADE_REPEAT : Woman, if your core has expanded further on your journey, return to my former state. If I have strength, I will be able to help you further. If my core has grown as you said, I will return home.
CREST_UPGRADE_REOFFER : Ma'am, must I make a final wish? I will be welcomed by your great heart. I ask for your consent and will not object if you refuse.
CREST_UPGRADE_DECLINE : Eva apologizes. This is unforgivable. Her mind is too strong and strange now. This relationship could be dangerous. Good, ma'am. I'm here if you change your mind.